.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1998,1999,2000  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNCHAT 1 "09 April, 1999" "BNETD" "BNETD User's Manual"
.SH NAME
bnchat \- Battle.net text-based chat client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bnchat
[\fIoptions\fP]
[\fIservername\fP [\fIserverport\fP]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bnchat
is a simple Battle.net client emulator that can be used as a minimal chat client with
.BR bnetd (1)
in order to test certain aspects of the server configuration or to do server
administration from the Unix command line. It is also compatible with FSGS servers, but
has difficulty with real Battle.net servers.
.LP
If no \fIservername\fP is specified, localhost is assumed.  If no \fIserverport\fP is
specified, 6112 is assumed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-a --ansi-color
Allows
.B bnchat
to use ANSI terminal color escapes to make things more
readable.  You must be using a terminal compatible with VT100 positioning and
ANSI color codes.  The program will not attempt to determine your terminal type.
.TP
.B \-b
Causes
.B bnchat
to emulate a Brood Wars client.
.TP
.B \-c --change-password
Causes
.B bnchat
to prompt for a new login password on the
.BR bnetd (1)
server.
.TP
.B \--client
Causes
.B bnchat
to emulate a specific client.  The following client tags are recognized:
DRTL DSHR STAR SSHR SEXP W2BN.
There are short options which may be used instead for the common clients.
.TP
.B \-d
Causes
.B bnchat
to emulate a Diablo client.
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-k --cdkey
Causes
.B bnchat
to report an alternate key to the
.BR bnetd (1)
server.
.TP
.B \-o --owner
Causes
.B bnchat
to report an alternate owner to the
.BR bnetd (1)
server.
.TP
.B \-n --new-account
Causes
.B bnchat
to prompt to create a new player account on the
.BR bnetd (1)
server.
.TP
.B \-s
Causes
.B bnchat
to emulate a Starcraft client.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Print its version number and exit.
.TP
.B \-w
Causes
.B bnchat
to emulate a Warcraft II BNE client.
.SH NOTES
The terminal width is attempted to be determined at runtime but if it does not work
you may need to try running
.BR resize (1) .
As a final act of desperation you can try setting the COLUMNS environmental variable.
.LP
If SIGWINCH and its associated
.BR ioctl (2)
are supported on your system, resizing the window while the program is running should
immediately update width of the entry line.
.LP
The current version is available with the bnetd distribution at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH BUGS
This program assumes that the terminal will move to the beginning of the current line
when the carriage return character (^M) is printed.  It also assumes the backspace
character (^H) will move one column to the left that character printed after that
will replace those already on the screen.
.LP
The terminal settings are not consulted for keybindings.  The following are assumed:
.TP
^H
delete the character to the left of the cursor
.TP
^J
accept current line
.TP
^M (return)
accept current line
.TP
^T
transpose the last two characters
.TP
^W
delete word to the left of the cursor
.TP
^U
delete the whole input line
.TP
^[ (escape)
cancel the current input line
.TP
^? (delete)
delete the character to the left of the cursor
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bnetd (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
