.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1998  Mark Baysinger (mbaysing@ucsd.edu)
.\" Copyright (C) 1998,1999  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" Copyright (C) 1999  Rob Crittenden (rcrit@greyoak.com)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNETD 1 "12 June, 2000" "BNETD" "The bnetd Project"
.SH NAME
bnetd \- Unix Battle.net daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bnetd
[\fB-f\fP]
[\fB-c\fP \fIconfigfile\fP]
[\fB-d\fP \fIdumpfile\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bnetd
is a program that will eventually completely emulate a Blizzard Battle.net
server.  Currently Starcraft, Brood War, Diablo, and Warcraft II BNE are
supported as clients.
.LP
It is known to work under most versions of Unix and can also be used under
Windows as a win32 console application.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c --config
Use this configuration file instead of the compiled-in default location.
.TP
.B \-d --hexdump
Put a hex dump of packets sent and received into the specified file.
.TP
.B \-f --foreground
The server normally acts as a daemon and goes into the background.  This forces
the server to run in the foreground.
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print server usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Print its version number and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I bnetd.conf
The main configuration file.  Among other things, it specifies the locations for
the other files used by the daemon.
.TP
.I bnmotd.txt
The "message of the day" file.  This is displayed when the user enters the
first chat channel.
.TP
.I bnetd_default_user
This is the default account file.  The contains all default account attributes
which are used when an attribute is not set on an actual account.

.I channel.list
This is the permanent channel list.  Short names, target clients, and other
attributes may be specified here.
.TP
.I news.txt
The contensts of this file are printed when the /news command is used.
.TP
.I ad.list
This is the ad banner list which determines which banners to display at which
times.  The order of display for the banners may be specified as well as the
URL which they should follow when clicked.
.TP
.I bnban
The IP ban file can be used to block connections from certain addresses.
.TP
.I bnhelp
This file contains the the chat command help.
.TP
.I gametrans
The game address translation file can be used to allow players from behind a
NAT firewall to play with those outside of the firewall.
.TP
.I autoupdate
This is the autoupdate MPQ archive list.  It chooses which versions of which
clients to update.
.TP
.I tos.txt
This is the Terms Of Service file that is displayed before a user can create
a new account.
.TP
.I icons.bni
The icons which the client displays for players in the chat rooms.
.TP
.I ad000001.pcx
This is the ad Banner. Currently, it says "Welcome to... BNETD".
.SH NOTES
The current version is available at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bntrackd (1),
.BR bnproxy (1),
.BR bnchat (1),
.BR bnbot (1),
.BR bnpass (1),
.BR bnftp (1),
.BR bnetd.conf (5),
.BR bnmotd.txt (5)
.SH AUTHORS
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP),
Rob Crittenden (\fIrob@bnetd.org\fP), and
Mark Baysinger (\fImark@bnetd.org\fP)
