.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1998,1999  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNFTP 1 "11 June, 2000" "BNETD" "BNETD User's Manual"
.SH NAME
bnftp \- Battle.net file transfer client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bnftp
[\fIoptions\fP]
[\fIservername\fP [\fIserverport\fP]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bnftp
is a simple program for downloading data files from a bnetd server.  These files include
\fItos.txt\fP, upgrade MPQ archives, and ad banners.
.LP
If no \fIservername\fP is specified, localhost is assumed.  If no \fIserverport\fP is
specified, 6112 is assumed.
.LP
After the program is started it will connect to the server and then prompt for
the filename to download.  No directory components may be used in the filename.
The file is copied to a file with the same name in the current directory.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-b
Causes
.B bnftp
to emulate a Brood Wars client.
.TP
.B \--client
Causes
.B bnftp
to emulate a specific client.  The following client tags are
recognized:
DRTL DSHR STAR SSHR SEXP W2BN.
There are short options which may be used instead for the common clients.
.TP
.B \-d
Causes
.B bnftp
to emulate a Diablo client.
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-s
Causes
.B bnftp
to emulate a Starcraft client.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Print its version number and exit.
.TP
.B \-w
Causes
.B bnftp
to emulate a Warcraft II BNE client.
.SH NOTES
The current version is available with the bnetd distribution at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH BUGS
This program assumes that the terminal will move to the beginning of the current line
when the carriage return character (^M) is printed.  It also assumes the backspace
character (^H) will move one column to the left that character printed after that
will replace those already on the screen.
.LP
The terminal settings are not consulted for keybindings.  The following are assumed:
.TP
^H
delete the character to the left of the cursor
.TP
^J
accept current line
.TP
^M (return)
accept current line
.TP
^T
transpose the last two characters
.TP
^W
delete word to the left of the cursor
.TP
^U
delete the whole input line
.TP
^[ (escape)
cancel the current input line
.TP
^? (delete)
delete the character to the left of the cursor
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bnetd (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
