.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1998,1999,2000  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNPASS 1 "09 April, 1999" "BNETD" "BNETD User's Manual"
.SH NAME
bnpass \- bnetd password utility
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bnpass
[\fIoptions\fP]
[--]
[\fIcleartextpassword\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bnpass
is a small utility which will output the ASCII hashed version of the
clear text password in the same format as used in bnetd account files.
This may be useful for writing a script to generate accounts or to
reset a password in the bnetd user database.
.LP
If
.I cleartextpassword
is not specified you will be prompted to enter it into the standard
input.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Print its version number and exit.
.TP
.B --
Signal end of options.  Any further arguments will be treated as
passwords even if they begin with a "-".
.SH NOTES
The current version is available with the bnetd distribution at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bnetd (1),
.BR bnchat (1),
.BR bnftp (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
