.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 1998  Mark Baysinger (mbaysing@ucsd.edu)
.\" Copyright (C) 1998,1999,2000  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" Copyright (C) 1999  Rob Crittenden (rcrit@greyoak.com)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH bntext 5 "2 August, 2001"
.SH NAME
bnmotd.txt, bnnews.txt bnissue.txt \- messages for the Unix Battle.net daemon
.SH DESCRIPTION
The file
.I bnmotd.txt
contains text displayed by
.BR bnetd (1),
when users first log into the server.
.LP
The file
.I bnnews.txt
contains text displayed when the user uses the /news chat command.
.LP
The files consist of raw text with printf-style formatting escapes.  Each line
of a file can contain a type formatter from the following list:
.RS
.TP
.B %B
Use the broadcast attribute (???).
.TP
.B %C
Execute the line as if the user entered it as a command.
.TP
.B %E
Use the error attribute (red).
.TP
.B %I
Use the info attribute (yellow).  This is the same was
.B %W.
.TP
.B %M
Normal chat message (white).  This will appear as if the user said it.
.TP
.B %T
Emote chat message (???).  This will appear as if the user said it.
.TP
.B %W
Use the warning attribute (yellow).  This is the same was
.B %I.
.RE
.LP
Within a line, any of the following format formatters may be used:
.RS
.TP
.B %%
Expand to a literal percent sign (%).
.TP
.B %a
Expand to the number of accounts on the server.
.TP
.B %c
Expand to the number of channels on the server.  This includes all
permanent and current temporary channels.
.TP
.B %g
Expand to the number of games on the server.  This includes both
public and private (passworded) games.
.TP
.B %h
Expand to the hostname of the server (as returned by
.BR gethostname (2)).
.TP
.B %i
Expand to this user's account ID number, formatted with a leading
pound (#) sign and leading zeros.
.TP
.B %l
Expand to this user's current chat name which is usually the same
.TP
.B %r
Expand to the IP of the remote machine (the client).
.TP
.B %t
Expand to four character client tag.
.TP
.B %u
Expand to the number of users logged into the server.
.TP
.B %v
Expand to the version number of the server.
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.TP
.BR bnetd (1)
.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
