.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2000  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNPROXY 1 "12 September, 2000" "BNETD" "BNETD User's Manual"
.SH NAME
bnproxy \- bnetd tracking daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bntrackd
[\fIoptions\fP]
.BR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bntrackd
is a simple daemon which will listen for UDP announcement packets sent by
.BR bnetd (1)
servers.  The list of servers and their statistics is written to a text
file an optionally processed by an external program.  A
.BR perl (1)
script is
provided which processes this information to produce an HTML document
suitable for display on the web.
.LP
.BR bnetd (1)
servers must be configured to report to tracking servers.  The
.BR bnetd.conf (5)
file allows for multiple tracking servers to be listed separated by commas.
The master server is track.bnetd.org.  Please consider including that server
in your configuration.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-c --command
Run the specified command after writing server information to \fIoutfile\fP.
If this option is not specified, the command "scripts/process.pl" is executed
from the directory that
.B bntrackd
was started.  If an empty string is provided for \fIcommand\fP, no command
will be executed.
.TP
.B \-e --expire
Set the period of time in seconds to keep server information without receiving
new updates.  If this option is not specified, 600 seconds is used.
.TP
.B \-d --debug
Place additional informational messages in the event log.
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-l --logfile
Put the event log messages into the specified file.  If this option is not
specified, the file "logs/bntrackd.log" will be written from the directory
that
.B bntrackd
was started.  If an empty string is provided for \fIlogfile\fP, no event
messages will be written.
.TP
.TP
.B \-o --outfile
Put the server information into the specified file \fIoutfile\fP..
.TP
.B \-p --port
Listen for announcements on the specified UDP port number.  If this option
is not specified, the port number defaults to 6114.
.TP
.B \-P --pidfile
Record the process ID of the tracking daemon in the specified file.  If this
option is not specified, this information is not written to any file.
.TP
.B \-u --update
Set the period of time in seconds between updates of the \fIoutfile\fP.  If
this option is not specified, 150 seconds is used.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Causes
.B bntrackd
to print its version number and exit.
.SH NOTES
.TP
The current version is available at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bnetd (1),
.BR perl (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
