.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2000  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNBOT 1 "11 June, 2000" "BNETD" "BNETD User's Manual"
.SH NAME
bnbot \- Battle.net text-based chat bot client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bnbot
[\fIoptions\fP]
\fIservername\fP
[\fIserverport\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bnbot
is a simple program which will allow communication through the bot protocol of a
Battle.net server from the command line.  Input from stdin is sent to the server and
output from the server is send to stdout.  The interface is so simple that
.BR telnet (1)
could be used.  The only complicating factor is that a control-C character must be sent
to the server before any other input.
.LP
It is hoped that this program can be used with a scripting language like
.BR expect (1)
to make creation of chat bots for Unix easier.  To date, I don't know of anyone doing
this.  This program may also be used to test bot login permissions for accounts.
.LP
If no \fIservername\fP is specified, localhost is assumed.  If no \fIserverport\fP is
specified, 6112 is assumed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Print its version number and exit.
.SH NOTES
The current version is available with the bnetd distribution at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH BUGS
The terminal settings are not consulted for keybindings.  The following are assumed:
.TP
^H
delete the character to the left of the cursor
.TP
^J
accept current line
.TP
^M (return)
accept current line
.TP
^T
transpose the last two characters
.TP
^W
delete word to the left of the cursor
.TP
^U
delete the whole input line
.TP
^[ (escape)
cancel the current input line
.TP
^? (delete)
delete the character to the left of the cursor
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bnetd (1),
.BR bnchat (1)
.SH AUTHOR
.TP
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
