.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2000  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNILIST 1 "6 November, 2000" "BNETD" "BNETD User's Manual"
.SH NAME
bnilist \- list contents of a Battle.net icon file
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bnilist
[\fIoptions\fP]
[--]
[\fIbnifile\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bnilist
is a simple program which will list all the icons stored in a BNI file along
with their attributes.  Additionally, information is displayed from the TGA
header in the same format as
.BR tgainfo (1)
would use.  Some simple sanity checks are also done to verify the file is
using the same format as expected by the other bni utilities.
.LP
If
.I bnifile
is not specified or is specified as "-", the standard input will be used.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Print its version number and exit.
.TP
.B --
Signal end of options.  Any further arguments will be treated as filenames
even if they begin with a "-".
.SH NOTES
The current version is available with the bnetd distribution at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH BUGS
The purpose of some of the fields in the BNI format are not known.  Only
true-color formats are currently supported.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bnetd (1),
.BR bni2tga (1),
.BR bnibuild (1),
.BR bniextract (1),
.BR tgainfo (1)
.SH AUTHORS
.TP
Marco Ziech (\fImmz@gmx.net\fP) and
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
