.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2000  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNSTAT 1 "11 June, 2000" "BNETD" "BNETD User's Manual"
.SH NAME
bnstat \- Battle.net statisics client
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bnstat
[\fIoptions\fP]
[\fIservername\fP [\fIserverport\fP]]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bnstat
is a simple Battle.net client emulator that can be used to gather player statistics.
It is also compatible with FSGS servers, but has difficulty with real Battle.net servers.
.LP
If no \fIservername\fP is specified, localhost is assumed.  If no \fIserverport\fP is
specified, 6112 is assumed.  If no player is specified on the command line,
.BR bnstat (1)
will connect to the server and prompt for one from stdin.  All avaliable statistics for
the emulated client type are formatted and displayed on stdout. 
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-b
Causes \fBbnstat\fP to emulate a Brood Wars client.
.TP
.B \--client
Causes \fBbnstat\fP to emulate a specific client.  The following client tags are
recognized:
DRTL DSHR STAR SSHR SEXP W2BN.
There are short options which may be used instead for the common clients.
.TP
.B \--bnetd
Also attempt to gather
.BR bnetd (1)
specific information.
.TP
.B \-d
Causes \fBbnstat\fP to emulate a Diablo client.
.TP
.B \--fsgs
Also attempt to gather FSGS specific information.
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-k --cdkey
Causes \fBbnstat\fP to report an alternate key to the
.BR bnetd (1)
server.
.TP
.B \-o --owner
Causes \fBbnstat\fP to report an alternate owner to the
.BR bnetd (1)
server.
.TP
.B \-p --player
Gather statistics only for the specified player and then exit.  This also avoids
using login and terminal functions allowing it to be used in shell scripts.
.TP
.B \-s
Causes \fBbnstat\fP to emulate a Starcraft client.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Print its version number and exit.
.TP
.B \-w
Causes \fBbnstat\fP to emulate a Warcraft II BNE client.
.SH NOTES
The current version is available with the bnetd distribution at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH BUGS
This program assumes that the terminal will move to the beginning of the current line
when the carriage return character (^M) is printed.  It also assumes the backspace
character (^H) will move one column to the left that character printed after that
will replace those already on the screen.
.LP
The terminal settings are not consulted for keybindings.  The following are assumed:
.TP
^H
delete the character to the left of the cursor
.TP
^J
accept current line
.TP
^M (return)
accept current line
.TP
^T
transpose the last two characters
.TP
^W
delete word to the left of the cursor
.TP
^U
delete the whole input line
.TP
^[ (escape)
cancel the current input line
.TP
^? (delete)
delete the character to the left of the cursor
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bnetd (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
