.\"
.\" Copyright (C) 2000  Ross Combs (ross@bnetd.org)
.\" 
.\" This is free documentation; you can redistribute it and/or
.\" modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as
.\" published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of
.\" the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\" The GNU General Public License's references to "object code"
.\" and "executables" are to be interpreted as the output of any
.\" document formatting or typesetting system, including
.\" intermediate and printed output.
.\"
.\" This manual is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\" but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\" MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\" GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\" You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public
.\" License along with this manual; if not, write to the Free
.\" Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place, Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111,
.\" USA.
.\"
.TH BNPROXY 1 "12 June, 2000" "BNETD" "BNETD User's Manual"
.SH NAME
bnproxy \- Battle.net proxy daemon
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B bnproxy
[\fB-f\fP]
[\fB-d\fP \fIdumpfile\fP]
[\fB-l\fP \fIlogfile\fP]
[\fB-p\fP \fIport\fP]
[\fIservername\fP [\fIserverport\fP]]
.BR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B bnproxy
is a simple daemon which will relay client connections to a Battle.net
server like
.BR bnetd (1).
It has the capability of saving a hexadecimal/ASCII dump of the network
records (packets) into a log file.  Someday this command might be useful for
people playing from behind a NAT firewall.
.LP
If no \fIservername\fP is specified, localhost is assumed.  If no
\fIserverport\fP is specified, 6112 is assumed.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-d --hexdump
Put a hex dump of packets sent and received into the specified file.
.TP
.B \-f --foreground
The server normally acts as a daemon and goes into the background.  This forces
the server to run in the foreground.
.TP
.B \-h --help --usage
Print server usage information and exit.
.TP
.B \-l --logfile
Put the event log messages into the specified file.
.TP
.B \-p --port
Listen on the specified TCP and UDP port number.
.TP
.B \-v --version
Causes
.B bnproxy
to print its version number and exit.
.SH NOTES
.TP
The current version is available at:
.LP
.RS
.I http://www.bnetd.org/
.RE
.SH BUGS
No support for dynamic UDP address determination (SESSIONADDR[12] packets) has
been added.  Support for multiple clients is broken because the server becomes
confused as to which client to relay UDP server traffic to.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bnetd (1)
.SH AUTHOR
Ross Combs (\fIross@bnetd.org\fP)
